<center><h3>Vulnerability & Asset Management</h3></center>
<hr/>
<p class="p3" style="text-align: justify;"><strong>Vulnerability and Asset Management (VAM)</strong> is an innovative web platform designed to streamline the process of managing and monitoring vulnerabilities across various assets and devices. VAM consolidates critical information from multiple trusted sources such as NVD (National Vulnerability Database), MITRE, CISA, Red Hat, Tenable, ... into one centralized location. This ensures that users have continuous access to accurate, up-to-date vulnerability data, even if individual sources are temporarily unavailable.</p>
<p class="p3" style="text-align: justify;">With a primary focus on the <strong>Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures (CVE)</strong> database, VAM allows users to efficiently search, filter, and organize vulnerability information by various criteria such as vendor, product, CVSS score, or CWE (Common Weakness Enumeration). The platform&rsquo;s advanced subscription feature enables users to follow specific vendors or products and receive real-time notifications when new vulnerabilities are published or existing ones are updated.</p>
<p class="p3">Key features of VAM include:</p>
<ul>
<li class="p2" style="text-align: justify;"><strong>Comprehensive CVE Search and Filtering:</strong> Users can explore the entire CVE database and refine their search based on key parameters such as vendors, products, CVSS score, CWE,...</li>
<li class="p2" style="text-align: justify;"><strong>Subscription and Notification Management:</strong> Stay informed by subscribing to vendors or products and receiving tailored notifications for newly discovered CVEs or updates to existing ones. Subscribe to vendors and products extracted from CPE to receive notifications for new CVEs and updates based on your subscriptions.</li>
<li class="p2" style="text-align: justify;"><strong>Detailed CVE Analysis:</strong> Access all details about each CVE, including affected vendors, products, CVSS score, CPE (Common Platform Enumeration), CWE, SSVC, and cross-referenced sources. Analyse all CVE details (vendors, products, CVSS score, CPE, CWE, References...).</li>
<li class="p2" style="text-align: justify;"><strong>Tags:</strong> Create custom tags (unread, important, follow,...) to organize the CVE list.</li>
<li class="p2" style="text-align: justify;"><strong>Asset Tracking and Monitoring:</strong> Displays comprehensive asset information, including operating systems, configurations, software, and more, enabling risk and compliance assessments across the system. This feature highlights the cross-reference between assets and associated CVE information, providing a streamlined, high-level overview to identify and address high-risk assets efficiently and proactively.</li>
<li class="p4" style="text-align: justify;"><strong>Historical Tracking:</strong> Review the history of changes to any CVE, with a summary of the latest updates displayed directly on the homepage.</li>
<li class="p4" style="text-align: justify;"><strong>API Integration:</strong> Integrate VAM&rsquo;s functionalities with existing tools using the provided REST API for seamless vulnerability management.</li>
</ul>
<p class="p3" style="text-align: justify;">In addition to vulnerability tracking, VAM offers robust <strong>asset management capabilities</strong>, helping organizations identify and manage devices that are affected by specific CVEs. This feature enables a proactive approach to cybersecurity by allowing IT teams to quickly assess risks and prioritize the remediation of vulnerabilities that impact critical infrastructure.</p>
